Braindecode Code Sprint (https://braindecode.org/sprint2023/) (#1)
braindecode/sprint2023: README.md

# Braindecode Code Sprint 2023

> Starting August 18th on EuroScipy, Basel, Switzerland, and ending at Université Paris-Saclay, France, on September 5th to 7th.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting August 18th on EuroScipy, Basel, Switzerland, and ending at Université Paris-Saclay, France, on September 6th to 8th.
```
